Rule for select vs update args in update mutations (#48)
Shopify/graphql-design-tutorial: TUTORIAL.md

*Rule #21: Structure mutation inputs to reduce duplication, even if this
 requires relaxing requiredness constraints on certain fields.*

> As in the example above, `collectionUpdate` takes two arguments. The first
> selects the collection to update, and the second provides the update data. An
> alternative to this would be one argument, `CollectionInput!`, which would
> include the ID. In fact, [some older Shopify APIs follow this
> pattern](https://shopify.dev/docs/api/admin-graphql/2023-07/mutations/productUpdate).
> However, this  is no longer recommended, as it makes it difficult to determine
> which parts of the call relate to 'select', and which relate to 'update'.

Reviewer: > In fact, [some older Shopify APIs follow this pattern](https://shopify.dev/docs/api/admin-graphql/2023-07/mutations/productUpdate).

I'd prefer to leave out the reference to a specific Shopify mutation because the rest of this tutorial doesn't mention any specifically, and while using a Shopify-ish schema example, is meant to be standalone and agnostic.

Here's my suggestion:

```suggestion
As in the example above, `collectionUpdate` takes two arguments. `collectionId`
selects the collection to update, and `collection` provides the update data. An
alternative to this would be a single merged `collection: CollectionInput!` argument, where
`CollectionInput` would have a nullable `id` input field. However, this makes it
difficult to determine which parts of the call relate to 'select', and which relate
to 'update' and is not recommended.
```

*Rule #22: For update mutations, the parameter relating to selecting the entry
must be separate to the parameter providing the change data. The parameter

> relating to selecting the entry must come first.*

Reviewer: > The parameter relating to selecting the entry must come first.

Let's just omit this. Ordering schema elements in GraphQL isn't well defined and some implementations auto order alphabetically. If you're talking about writing a mutation operation here, again there's nothing to enforce an order.

Reviewer: Should we use the term "argument" instead of "parameter" here?

Reviewer: Oh, yeah in the generic sense 👍 that's fine

Reviewer: Actually, we should use `argument` here because the rule is about schema _definitions_ not operations.

- Rule #19: Use weaker types for inputs (e.g. String instead of Email) when the format is unambiguous and client-side validation is complex. This lets the server run all non-trivial validations at once and return the errors in a single place in a single format, simplifying the client.
- Rule #20: Use stronger types for inputs (e.g. DateTime instead of String) when the format may be ambiguous and client-side validation is simple. This provides clarity and encourages clients to use stricter input controls (e.g. a date-picker widget instead of a free-text field).
- Rule #21: Structure mutation inputs to reduce duplication, even if this requires relaxing requiredness constraints on certain fields.
- Rule #22: For update mutations, the argument relating to selecting the entry must be separate to the argument providing the change data.
- Rule #23: Mutations should provide user/business-level errors via a userErrors field on the mutation payload. The top-level query errors entry is reserved for client and server-level errors.

> - Rule #24: Most payload fields for a mutation should be nullable, unless there is really a value to return in every possible error case.

Author: How about:

For update mutations, the argument relating to selecting the entry must be separate to the argument providing the change data. **The argument to select the entry should be non-nullable unless there's value in making the condition an optional filter.**
